Whoa
Everyone at Angling Salt
I heard the
Huh
There the world Egingu but But I you will find a rockfish
This time I also fished rockfish this time
It is a metal vibe
Yeah it This Is
I'll say the genus name or another heat local 15 but I will see from now on
a
It is the name of 15 Played
Abbreviated t 1 blade
This lure
We will launch a brand new launcher and use this lever to actually set the Ranker in Seto
I've given you a break
a
v in the event
And we want will be the sides also is your story a little
Come and since they are already
Well then , I'm thinking that I just want to explain orchids for the tackle I used this time
However
It is Mar to say that Well First Well Dakkuru
We are using say t 1 Purendo that will explain such a little while ago
The line uses something rather heavy
Root takes to become and I would be a waste now leader of the line is 7 lbs
I use 8 pounds, so by this head
In this
Now it is 6 using the p line
I use 0.65 It is Awa Negin tool Yes
so
I'm a rod but I use it without Matilda 7
Oh, it is net now
This it is what state telescopic the is shortened Yes
Approximately 6 feet in the short state
7 inches'll stretch in the Well Is about the second half of the roots and tightly
Chau okay if 7ft
The feature of this is eh for example 7ft 7 inches
Cast and yes
This time I cast it and it's damn
Such I'd be a jerk to put on quite a book both
7ft 7 inches why
The movement distance which does not pull out
large
If you say you want to make it a shorter pitch, you can shrink it.
While high on short pitch here
It's like eating at a fall, you can produce something like this
Wow
And after that-well, a little cat for me
Toamaa
There are some secrets when using metal vibes in rockfish
5 same change please be up
How is that
From Shimano
I'm selling it so far because I use it often on buses
Aldebaran 's HQ 7 uses high gear type
is not it
I thread dandruff ne er in high gear want plan
Well I 'm going to take it weak Mon Ito Kiyoko back I want to take back then Fall
Time too
I do not because mon want to slack not of the hole without Hara
Well number of units at a certain Haigiya because
Normally I do not know in a later If you do not go with more
Well we use what you say in this there is such a thing
Well early that we challenged in Well this tackle is such a thing
This is a little bit
Here we are playing among us, but this shot down sticker
You can paste it with the money you took 3 Jap .
Sleep well it is said Do poppy yellow softening in p Roy seal Bridge 2 Ne on the solid rod
Hey say what is or have been told Is that not you put a seal
It is often asked about things
More than a little explaining
It was a prefecture
n box
Tatchan
goo
Oh
not
me
ban
goo